hello everybody this is Tom Riddle here
and before I go into the thing I want to
tell you guys let me just tell you this
I got a Pottermore account did for my
one test and then ever since I got my
wand on the test I took a screenshot of
it and I've been looking for a place
that sells actual wands with the wood
and everything and I found this one
place on etsy.com I think yeah and it's
a company that I got the one from I
think it's vlog works so I got the wand
and this is what it looks like it has
this handle that sort of designed it
might look familiar if you have a
Pottermore account is this part right
there and then it goes up and then it
has that little bend in it and then has
that end so it is made of alder eleven
and a half inches surprisingly swishy
and my core is a unicorn hair so it came
wrapped up in this brown paper and it
had rope tied around it I had lots of
bubble wrapping and had a wax seal with
an F on it and um like once I opened
that up I didn't have to play a place to
put it so then I was looking at places
online for somewhere where I could buy a
box like an Ollivanders box sort of but
then I ended up just going ahead and
making one so this is what I made I got
a I printed some pictures offline that I
glued on here says Ollivanders this is
to certify that the one box is genuine
Ollivanders article and then I also have
this sticker right there so I just got
cardboard got the measurements and
everything
and then wrapped it with wrapping paper
so the inside haven't really finished
that part yet I'm gonna put some foam
and some some sort of material to put in
there to make it all nice like in all
the vendors box so that's my Pottermore
wand really cool really liked it so bye